Re-add changelogs and add docs for CVE-2020-1736 reverts [2.8] (#71516)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.8.rst

of the EAP that was accidentally removed in a previous release and ensure that modules are more resilient to errors
that may occur in execution.

> * Version 2.8.14 of Ansible changed the default mode of file-based tasks to ``0o600`` when the user did not specify a ``mode`` parameter on file-based tasks. This was in response to a CVE report which we have reconsidered and no longer consider a flaw in Ansible. As a result, the ``mode`` change has been reverted in 2.8.15, and ``mode`` will now default to ``0o666`` as in previous versions of Ansible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Version 2.8.14 of Ansible changed the default mode of file-based tasks to ``0o600 & ~umask`` when the user did not specify a ``mode`` parameter on file-based tasks. This was in response to a CVE report which we have reconsidered. As a result, the ``mode`` change has been reverted in 2.8.15, and ``mode`` will now default to ``0o666 & ~umask`` as in previous versions of Ansible.
```

> * Affected modules included known_hosts, service, authorized_key, interfaces_file, pam_limits, pamd, redhat_subscription, selinux, and sysctrl. If you are using Ansible 2.8.14 and seeing new failures in these modules, upgrade to 2.8.15.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you changed any tasks to specify less restrictive permissions while using 2.8.14, those changes will be unnecessary (but will do no harm) in 2.8.15.
```

Author: @samdoran Thoughts on this wording?^ From my understanding it looks good.

> * Affected modules included known_hosts, service, authorized_key, interfaces_file, pam_limits, pamd, redhat_subscription, selinux, and sysctrl. If you are using Ansible 2.8.14 and seeing new failures in these modules, upgrade to 2.8.15.

Reviewer: This list is not complete. We should either list _all_ the modules that call `atomic_move`, or list none of them.

`sysctrl` --> `sysctl`

Reviewer: Here are the modules in `stable-2.8` that call `atomic_move()`:
```
apt_repository
assemble
authorized_key
basics/get_url
blockinfile
copy
ini_file
interfaces_file
jenkins_plugin
known_hosts
lineinfile
openssl_dhparam
pam_limits
pamd
redhat_subscription
replace
selinux
service
sysctl
```

Reviewer: Of course, providing this last may or may not lead to more confusion since most of them don't accept `mode`. 😞

Author: I originally didn't list them but @acozine thought it would be helpful. I'm happy with either approach.

Reviewer 2: I listed the ones that were in the original porting guide entry. We can leave that out, since it seems likely to do more harm than good.

Reviewer 2: @samdoran, I didn't realize there were other affected modules. How about the suggestion below?
